#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/project.in
#
admin-totals==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   twilio
aiohttp-retry==2.8.3
    # via twilio
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   django-countries
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==23.1.2
    # via daphne
automat==22.10.0
    # via twisted
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
cachecontrol==0.12.11
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-df-notifications
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
channels[daphne]==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   channels-redis
    #   djangochannelsrestframework
channels-redis==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
cron-descriptor==1.2.35
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
    #   social-auth-core
daphne==4.0.0
    # via channels
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
django==4.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   admin-totals
    #   channels
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-df-auth
    #   django-df-notifications
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-hashid-field
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-slack
    #   django-storages
    #   djangochannelsrestframework
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-recursive
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   fcm-django
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-admin-interface==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-admin-relation-links==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-anymail[mailgun]==9.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   django-dbtemplates
    #   django-imagekit
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-df-notifications
django-colorfield==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-admin-interface
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements/project.in
django-crispy-forms==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-dbtemplates==4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-df-auth==0.25
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-df-notifications==1.1.13
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filter==23.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fsm==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements/project.in
django-hashid-field==3.3.7
    # via -r requirements/project.in
django-health-check==3.17.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-imagekit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-import-export==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-df-notifications
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-otp @ git+https://github.com/djangoflow/django-otp.git@master
    # via
    #   -r requirements/project.in
    #   django-df-auth
    #   django-otp-twilio
django-otp-twilio==1.0.3
    # via
    #   django-df-auth
    #   django-df-notifications
django-phonenumber-field[phonenumbers]==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-rest-framework==0.1.0
    # via django-df-auth
django-simple-history==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/project.in
django-slack==5.19.0
    # via django-df-notifications
django-storages[google]==1.13.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via django-celery-beat
djangochannelsrestframework==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-df-notifications
    #   django-rest-framework
    #   djangochannelsrestframework
    #   djangorestframework-recursive
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-recursive==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/project.in
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.2.2
    # via django-df-auth
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via -r requirements/project.in
drf-spectacular[sidecar]==0.26.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2023.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fcm-django==1.0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-df-notifications
firebase-admin==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-df-notifications
    #   fcm-django
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.86.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-auth==2.17.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.11.1
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==2.9.0
    # via
    #   django-storages
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.5.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.48.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.48.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
hashids==1.3.1
    # via django-hashid-field
hiredis==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
incremental==22.10.0
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via drf-spectacular
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   channels-redis
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==1.24.3
    # via pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
pandas==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/project.in
phonenumbers==8.13.11
    # via django-phonenumber-field
pilkit==2.0
    # via django-imagekit
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-colorfield
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.22.2
    # via google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==4.22.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twilio
pyopenssl==23.1.1
    # via twisted
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via httplib2
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-crontab==2.7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-admin-interface
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
    #   twilio
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   tablib
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   channels-redis
requests==2.30.0
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-df-notifications
    #   django-otp-twilio
    #   django-slack
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twilio
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sentry-sdk==1.21.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   click-repl
    #   django-imagekit
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   grpcio
    #   python-dateutil
    #   service-identity
social-auth-app-django==5.2.0
    # via django-df-auth
social-auth-core==4.4.2
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.4.0
    # via django-import-export
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
twilio==8.2.0
    # via django-df-auth
twisted[tls]==22.10.0
    # via daphne
txaio==23.1.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   django-countries
    #   twisted
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.0.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zope-interface==6.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
